---
layout: post
title: <del>Industrial</del> Trip to Goa
---

This is my first blog as such on the internet so tolerate my horrifying english xD. I was about to write my experiences during the week-long industrial trip to Goa. Basically we have to undergo one industrial visit during Spring semester of 3rd year. From many years our seniors went to Goa for this visit so it was obvious that we will be also visiting this state for our so called industrial trip. Along with our EE branch(120 students), many big branches such as Mech, Civil, ECE also planned their industrial visit to Goa. Approximately budget for a person is Rs.12,000 allocated by our department. 

**Travel To Goa** <br/>
Bus to Hazrat Nizamuddin Railway Station in Delhi was waiting for us at 2:00 am on 24th Feb. We sat on the bus and then reaches Delhi at 6:00 am. After taking breakfast i.e. Masala Dosa(poor!) at station, we sat on the platform for 2 hours waiting for train to arrive. Then Delhi-Goa Rajdhani Express has arrived and hence we start our journey. In train, after approx. every 1 hour, some food arrives which never let building up our appetite. Our train only stops at major station, so our journey passed smoothly, playing cards(most of the time), dumsharas, mafia, and watching India's match. 
<br/>
**Arrving Goa (Day 0)** <br/>
After arriving Goa on next day at 1:00 pm, we went directly to dhaba via buses, arrangement of which is done by student group of our batch who are organizing this trip. Food at the dhaba was somewhere between good and excellent. From there, we went straight to our hotel. Now now what a hotel it was!!(Warning: Sarcasm Detected). Bragging itself as a 3-star hotel or more, it was worse than a dharamshala. Water comes occasionally in bathrooms, more occasionally it was clean. No room service and on top of that staff's behaviour was rude and dirty. When we arrive at the hotel, professors who are with us, have a cheque of approx. 2.5 lakhs for the payment. Mindless hotel manager was relentless to take the cheque and also he require full amount to be paid beforehand. So we (120 students) were waiting outside hotel for 2-3 hours to complete online payment of bulk amount. Afterwards, this payment was done in small parts. Then after taking a 6-people room and taking bath, we went to nearby places in search of two-wheeler rent. After asking several people, we couldn't find any satisfactory respoanse. Then we went to nearby beach i.e. Baga beach on the same night. Nightlife at Baga beach was so awestrucking. There was hundreds of beachside restraunts and dance clubs to eat and enjoy. We sat there till midnight and then came back to room to have proper rest for another adventurous next day. 
<br/>
**Travelling North Goa(Day 1)** <br/>

 
